this is a spectacular and very rare gold
flake angel
just absolutely beautiful for any reef
tank lovely blue lips on him might
nibble on the corals a little bit but I
think it's just absolutely worth it
considering how spectacular this guy is
this is not something you see every day
every day this is not a common fish and
he's loving it here in this Red Sea Max
is 500 he's feeding quite well on new
life spectrum which is the best food for
these guys he nips in and out of the
reef he's good friends with that little
lemon peel with angels adding any
similar species at the same time is
quite important because they can be a
little bit territorial especially as
they get older just a magnificent little
fish
same thing with any of these angels if
they did pick on a particular choral try
and not get that choral anymore
wonderful little scavenger always
scavenging in the numb in and out of the
environment breathtaking little fella
well worth the money this guy